All right.
So let's get started with that development process.
In this video, we're going to cover step 1.1
of injecting the CartService into the CheckoutComponent.
Alrighty. So just swinging into my IDE here.
The first thing I want to do is move over to IntellJ
and make sure I have my Spring Boot application
up and running.
And now I'll swing back over
to my Visual Studio Code
and I'll get my Angular app up and running.
Now swinging to the browser real quick,
I'll just take a quick look at my application.
I'll just add some items to the cart real quick.
And so here I am on that checkout form
or CheckoutComponent.
Scroll down to the bottom
and I'll see review your order.
And notice here that we have the problem.
The total quantity is zero and the total price is zero
and we need to add codes to fix this.
And then let's just swing back
into our IDE real quick and Visual Studio.
And I actually want to just go ahead
and just take a look at something real quick
with this given Component for our CheckoutComponent.
And I want to look at the HTML here for this given file.
So this is my HTML template.
And just want to scroll down to the bottom
of this given file where I have the cart details
or whatever the order details says review your order
and then the total quantity and total price.
So that coding's in place.
But right now we're not really subscribed to anything
so that's why the data's zero.
If I look at my CheckoutComponent Class,
I see I have the two fields here
for total price and total quantity
but we're not really doing anything with them yet.
So, we eventually need to write some code to subscribe
to items on the cart service.
But the first thing we need to do is step 1.1
and inject the Cart Service.
So let's go ahead
and just kind of move down to the constructor here.
And then I'll simply inject the CartService.
Okay, great.
So that looks pretty good.
Our CartService has been injected
and we're set up and ready to go with this part.